it's training camp around the NBA and
it's no different in Boston you've got
questions we've got answers well Jared
Sullinger Avery Bradley and Jeff Green
continue their progression
how will the rookies Marcus smart and
James Young fare
what will Evan Turner's role in this
team be and why was he signed in the
first place and what is the future of
rajon rondo funky Sports Net presents
the Boston Celtics the tradition that
comes with this organization you will
have to try to make the offer to player
questions and you have to create doubts
coming in you put the green or
responsibility comes with that every
time I suit up I think about that
hello everyone I am Victor Davis and
this is funky sports net where we give
you not only the facts but our opinions
as well in my opinion is having your
all-star point guard back in the lineup
is a hell of a luxury point guard Rajon
Rondo has been dominating camp and he's
been making everybody look a lot more
comfortable than they probably should be
going into this season now to inflate my
own ego
I found a sound clip of rad Stephen sing
exactly what I just told you yeah I'm
excited to have our best player on the
court he's a guy that can make plays
he's a guy that makes plays for others
he lifts up everybody else's game so
yeah I am excited about that head coach
Brad Stevens echoing when many of us
believe that when healthy rajon rondo
can be one of the best point guards in
the NBA but thinking about Rondo in the
Celtics it's impossible not to mention
his one-year deal and many people
believe that Rondo does not want to
stick around for a rebuilding project
and when I say many people I mean all of
us and our moms know that Ronda will not
be on this team by the end of the season
some possible trade destinations are the
Dallas Mavericks the Houston Rockets the
Detroit Pistons and even the Sacramento
Kings now general manager Danny Ainge he
is asking for a lot
as he should in the city of Boston they
seem to be somewhat content with Rondo's
eventual departure probably because
there's another point guard in Campbell
and to get excited over sixth pick in
the draft at Oklahoma State Marcus smart
will let Brad Stevens do the talking on
this one Marcus is going to give plenty
of opportunities on and off the ball and
I think that he is physically mentally
emotionally ready for those he doesn't
have any experience yet but that will
come quick he's 6 for 220 pounds you
know what that means when he drives to
the lane get out of the way Ty Lawson
hey Jeff Teague you want to play
physical well I hope that girl in the
front row is cute because you just fell
into her lap Marcus smart is strong he's
already a quality defender and he's
someone who was gonna get you ready for
that big game now he's not perfect his
jump shot is as ugly as any college
player who relies on their outlaws
his decision-making has been questioned
as well and apparently he's a bit of a
hothead after an altercation with a fan
stemming from a racial slur use which
I'm sure will never happen in Boston a
quick question what happens first the
smart make an all-star team or does he
get 16 technical fouls hopefully it's
not the latter but overall with Marcus
smart if he realizes his potential then
trading away rajon rondo isn't gonna
look so bad about three or four years as
for the other rookie James Young the
offense is sound and everything else is
a question Brad Stevens said the same
thing but in a much nicer way James's MO
is he's always been a scorer shot at at
35 percent from three but 47 percent
from two he's got a shot that can shoot
a deeper he's also the owner of the
greatest own goal in college basketball
history which we can't show here for
copyright reasons
now if Young is supposed to be such a
promising player then why did the
Celtics sign of in turn of his offseason
I mean if I'm looking to develop young
wing talent the last thing I'm gonna
sign is a bald dominant small forward
who would rather put up stats and
actually win a game remember we give you
our opinion on funky Sportsnet hands I
think Evan Turner to trade peace his
one-year deal will be attractive to
someone out there and I was surprised
when I saw that he ended up on the
Celtics speaking of surprises let's talk
about Brad Stevens starting Center the
one the only Vitor favored on E
look I know what you're asking where's
the white guy with the hair well look I
agree with you I think Kelly Olynyk
should be starting I understand the
value of favor on e he does the dirty
work and he'll get a couple of rebounds
while you're doing it but who cares
Celtics you're gonna stink regardless
look it's okay you can play a white guy
in the starting lineup this isn't Brian
Scalabrine Olynyk can actually play but
I digress the shirt things on this team
Avery Bradley is gonna work hard Jeff
Green is gonna average 16 points a game
no more no less and Jared Sullinger is
gonna be competing with Zach Randolph to
see who can be the heaviest guy in the
league averaging a double-double keep
your heads up Boston it's gonna be a
long one